Add prerequisites for using globalnet in submariner 0.12 or later (#693)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/architecture/globalnet/_index.en.md

Nothing extra needs to be done to build `submariner-globalnet` as it is built with the standard Submariner build.

## Prerequisites

> Allow Globalnet controller to create/update/delete the Service with externalIPs field by below ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every exported Service, Submariner Globalnet internally creates a Service with externalIP and the externalIP will be set to the globalIP assigned to the respective service. Some deployments of K8s do not allow Services to be created with externalIPs. So, in order for Globalnet functionality to work fine, it should be allowed to create/update/delete services with externalIPs and this can be achieved by configuring one of the following options mentioned below.
```

Author: @sridhargaddam Thank you for your feedback. Added this as a note to clarify on why (As @dfarrell07 pointed out [here](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-website/pull/693#discussion_r822882821), it would be good to separate what and why). Also, I've changed to numbered list to show that users need to both of the steps.

* Disable [DenyServiceExternalIPs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#denyserviceexternalips),
if enabled
* Restrict the use of the Service field externalIPs:
  * OpenShift: No extra configuration is needed.
  Default [network.openshift.io/ExternalIPRanger](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/architecture/admission-plug-ins.html)
  allows the use of Service with externalIPs field only for users that are granted to handle `service/externalips` resource in the
  `network.openshift.io` group. And default `submariner-globalnet` ServiceAccount has such an RBAC rule.
  * Other Kubernetes distributions:

>   Enable [externalip-webhook](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/externalip-webhook) with specifying `allowed-external-ip-cidrs` to
>   include `GlobalCIDR` and `allowed-usernames` to include `system:serviceaccount:submariner-operator:submariner-globalnet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enable [externalip-webhook](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/externalip-webhook) while specifying `allowed-external-ip-cidrs` to
  include `GlobalCIDR` allocated to the Cluster and `allowed-usernames` to include `system:serviceaccount:submariner-operator:submariner-globalnet`.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

Nothing extra needs to be done to build `submariner-globalnet` as it is built with the standard Submariner build.

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: For me, it's hard to understand what exactly the actionable "Prerequisites" are here. I think it would help to try to focus on exactly the actions we expect users to take (perhaps per-platform, as you have). The additional context about _why_ is great, but it I think it would help to separate it from the actions about _what_. That could be a different section, or just structuring this section differently.

Author: @dfarrell07 Thank you for your feedback. I will fix it.

Author: Fixed. PTAL

Reviewer 2: Thanks @mkimuram, the new structure is much easier to understand!

> In submariner 0.12 or later, Globalnet controller internally uses Kubernetes externalIPs feature,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Globalnet controller internally uses Kubernetes externalIPs feature,
```

I think we should generally avoid references to Submariner versions in the main docs, as they become stale and require maintenance. We should make sure we detail when features were added in the release notes.

Reviewer 2: > I think we should generally avoid references to Submariner versions in the main docs

@mkimuram This was discussed more on a different PR and the consensus is we *should* use versions, just need to avoid "new". Sorry for the bad feedback! I've sent a PR to clarify this practice in the future: https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-website/pull/705.

Author: Never mind. And thank you for letting me know the decision.

Nothing extra needs to be done to build `submariner-globalnet` as it is built with the standard Submariner build.

## Prerequisites

Allow Globalnet controller to create/update/delete the Service with externalIPs field by below steps:

1. Disable [DenyServiceExternalIPs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#denyserviceexternalips),

> if enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if enabled.
```

2. Restrict the use of the Service field externalIPs:
    * OpenShift: No extra configuration is needed.

>     Default [network.openshift.io/ExternalIPRanger](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/architecture/admission-plug-ins.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The default [network.openshift.io/ExternalIPRanger](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/architecture/admission-plug-ins.html) validating admission plug-in
```

>     allows the use of Service with externalIPs field only for users that are granted to handle `service/externalips` resource in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    allows the use of the `Service` `externalIP` field only for users with permission to handle the `service/externalips` resource in the
```

This is a non-blocker as it's very inconsistent in our docs and the main K8s docs, but I think per the K8s Docs Style Guide `Service` should be `code style` when using it as an API object.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#code-style-inline-code

>     `network.openshift.io` group. And default `submariner-globalnet` ServiceAccount has such an RBAC rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `network.openshift.io` group. By default, `submariner-globalnet`'s `ServiceAccount` has such an RBAC rule.
```

    * Other Kubernetes distributions:
    Enable [externalip-webhook](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/externalip-webhook) while specifying `allowed-external-ip-cidrs` to

>     include `GlobalCIDR` allocated to the Cluster and `allowed-usernames` to include

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    include the `GlobalCIDR` allocated to the cluster and `allowed-usernames` to include
```

    `system:serviceaccount:submariner-operator:submariner-globalnet`.

{{% notice note %}}
For every exported Service, Submariner Globalnet internally creates a Service with externalIP and the externalIP will be set to the globalIP
assigned to the respective service.
Some deployments of Kubernetes do not allow Services to be created with externalIPs
for [security reasons](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/97076).

> So, in order for Globalnet functionality to work fine, it should be allowed for Globalnet controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So, in order for Globalnet functionality to work fine, it should be allowed for Globalnet controller.
```

As a reader newish to this, I'm left wondering: Does this imply there's something else that needs to be done? Or if I do the steps above I am done?

Author: @dfarrell07 The steps above is enough, so clarified in the doc. Also, fixed other parts. PTAL

## Prerequisites

Allow Globalnet controller to create/update/delete the `Service` with `externalIPs` by below steps:

1. Disable [DenyServiceExternalIPs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#denyserviceexternalips),
if enabled.
2. Restrict the use of the `Service` with `externalIPs`:
    * OpenShift: No extra configuration is needed.
    The default
    [network.openshift.io/ExternalIPRanger](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/architecture/admission-plug-ins.html)
    validating admission plug-in allows the use of the `Service` with `externalIPs` only for users with permission to handle
    the `service/externalips` resource in the `network.openshift.io` group.
    By default, `submariner-globalnet`'s `ServiceAccount` has such an RBAC rule.
    * Other Kubernetes distributions:
    Enable [externalip-webhook](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/externalip-webhook) while specifying `allowed-external-ip-cidrs` to
    include the `GlobalCIDR` allocated to the cluster and `allowed-usernames` to include
    `system:serviceaccount:submariner-operator:submariner-globalnet`.

{{% notice note %}}

> For every exported `Service`, Submariner Globalnet internally creates a `Service` with `externalIPs` and the `externalIPs` will be set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The steps above are necessary because for every exported `Service`, Submariner Globalnet internally creates a `Service` with `externalIPs` and sets the `externalIPs`
```

to the globalIP assigned to the respective `Service`.
Some deployments of Kubernetes do not allow the `Service` with `externalIPs` to be created
for [security reasons](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/97076).

> So, in order for Globalnet functionality to work fine, it should be allowed for Globalnet controller by above steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
